eb1 and can move there
in brasília February 27 19 hours ago
and next to me elisângela interpreter of the book like this and it will be a very home
short today of the meeting saw if the carnival we have little to talk about but
come on is the first thing here the press i'm not complaining it's not a
affirmation is as a rule has as fuel the lie we have here
guilherme amado at jair's breakfast table
bolsonaro in the election is a fake okay and the story says according to a source with free
access to the bosom of the military family and and i'm not going to lower a level here for
you who is that source in that source for sure you know what leads to
wood when he was born but it's okay by the side here by coincidence
elisângela here in 2018 lived in rio and frequented my whole house
Thursday was that I had a social work with my wife in which I had
a bilingual cell so it's a matter of signs so my house and I came here
everything all goes back to normal and I'm just happy because of something not
have to speak truthfully against my person won the citizen here is the
all the time preaching lies right and now saying that my table she made
to draw attention that it was simple people well who knows me knows here a
sleep has a problem more is a shame here this the press for her does in
especially if guilherme amado who subscribes about 10 articles a day plus one
this is the lawn today
and how not to talk about me also that what he does here is an adviser to
bolsonaro summons to protest against congress and stf bolsonaro adviser
I don’t have to talk, he’s a personal advisor at the door of the family’s shape
now they invented it here I know sadam not to do that I don't know he knows
about 30 years or so and now as he has a part of facebook it's free
he's doing what he wants, I don't care that he's at peace on his facebook
but how is there something here Monday that guilherme beloved right daughter
and this media gossip here as it is I didn't see his page, he's doing a campaign
there to die of the day 15m associates them adviser of bolsonaro he says here
that he worked with me when he was a city councilor I don't know not to see you
worked already knew at that time he knew himself worked in the office I didn't
I'm sure for more than 30 years that I was a councilor between 89 90
and says he calls me cousin i don't know this guy here i won't deny ok
another beloved guilherme writing [ __ ] this
and this citizen is fine, I have the shirt of Fortaleza today
at night we have here independent fortress of argentina there the fortress
lost 1-0 I'm sure today it will be 2-0 fortress so I'm
here cheering for the brazilian team against a team from argentina that is normal
one happens to call the people to go to the stadium, right and who wasn’t
fortress watching television tonight is going to be a good game is with all
I certainly believe that the fortress that is even negotiating with the businessman
Russian can buy tchan I do not know if this intention is going to
materialize or not but I am sure to materialize it certainly has a
great the now yes a great strength is football from the northeast present here in
Brazilian championship because the guy seems to have and wants to invest in
fort and then it was wrong not that one I will not speak believe me if you want to have
a car here in front of me the fortress fan on the right has the
flamenco also you hurricane behind paranaense is the pig as the team for
cheer each one here I don't have to be canceled mine will bring Fortaleza Ceará today
hi haha ​​i don't do it in the face of the hour i'll break your side talk yours
no name today already know game time 9 o'clock at night who has played and the
Fortaleza will depend on Control C for Fortaleza, which is a film from Brazil and
and that's what is South American right, guys, come on
and quickly here the genius in Ceará will win tomorrow
and the eight days of the geliyor hi and she governor resolve that
problem of the military police of Ceará and put an end to this collection because
jiló is not to be eternally attending one or more governors ok
there’s already an emergency thing and what I’ve been saying with this tone and jerry
we need a legal background for jiló this is good for you who have
son, right, he can be doing compulsory military service in the army,
navy of our which you want to square the officer of your weapons is a young man you
Okay, once his operation is on, you’re on the street with a rifle in the chest.
an unforeseen event happens an accident is you need a soldier
engaged is 21 22 years old home comes engaged
and can be can answer it is therefore accurate your position is heavy ok
what I want I want from the Brazilian parliament that I can have
peace of mind to sign it manages because at the moment I didn’t give peace of mind
right and we want to meet the governors governors have to have
science that needs to use support for parliament to vote the exclusive illegality
that is, these young people are fulfilling a legal duty there
to be replacing the forces and security in the case here in the state of
after the service in your mission, take it home and you’ll rest it won’t
receive a visit from the bailiff to begin responding to a lawsuit
perhaps subjected to military audit and could be sentenced to up to 30 years of
chain without just happen new authorities we have to have
responsibility I have to have hourly response senator federal deputy the bank
of the senate chamber we are girl of justice and the defense we all have have
the knowledge that if something unforeseen happens it’s not fair to catch a boy from
21 cities and sentenced to up to 30 years in prison
and this boy who is the supporter of Fortaleza do Ceará will have his girlfriend
his family is and now he is in the streets to fight besides fortress it happens a
unforeseen he may have a conviction this is not fair and what happened the other day
not a post on the internet is something like the following ok pay us
mission as you have so war and a truth afterwards I want to play as if
had the time of peace he doesn’t lack sectors right of the powers to attack the
criticize to take these young people to court is not fair does not appeal to the government
from ceara his camilo who got in touch with us asked for jiló was taken care of
for another day that solves this problem that is in your state
oh it's sure to be better for everyone doing business with your police
military and come to terms with this issue you are not rooting for that
we saw mine is not a suit in the past it was with another present with me
it is not just waiting for the governor who has this responsibility that everything I’m
knowing i'm looking for a solution but i sat down as much as possible to look for a
solution to that case so that the cops can come back happened to their
work is usually there in the state of ceara so jeová and leave our
responsibility for my special even more than that of others, you know, of power
means for police officers that men and women their loved ones purchase
its their mission as the legal guarantee that they change the mission if I when
some unforeseen occurrence will get you up to 30 years in jail is unfair
and now there are 40 already changed the legislation up to 40 years in jail a subject that
moved to this is a little there in the week the ten days
ago the change in what we did in the inmetro
oh yeah it’s a bath because this change we’ll see the tachograph collection there
wanted to change the tachographs are 1 million and 600 thousand vehicles that use the package the
Brazil I repeat 1 million and 600 thousand vehicles that use the World Cup in Brazil is
almost 22 years of age, none of which go on for a year and change the package
also the disc there would be digital price R $ 1900 that would pay the owner of the bus
truck driver van among other vehicles so we changed who's going up here assumed
by the way and the company beat either a colonel two or
no he is formed by ine the person competent to fulfill this mission she
there is a lot of military I’m military not passed like this, no one spoke
nothing is a thug nobody said anything okay so we put people there i'm not
generalizing, I'm letting these people in and out more, they didn't give
account of the message, right, on the contrary, I wanted to touch the bag, I was also
moving now in particular rio de janeiro that does not exchange 40 thousand taxis more or
minus 400 i think she is here to see me 40,000 16 million reais the previous
was over a billion reais in is this same people who were now
within a few the tóia has that idea you want to release a wonderful day of
taken or 3 kilos so it has to be the idea in the past and it works for me
mistake only three countries in the world did that look something something something no
very sure it was done there as it’s also everything doesn’t put a chip in each
gas pump in Brazil I don't know the price of each chip I don't know how many
bombs only in brazil but with this millionaire ok then inmetro has to
be at the disposal of the Brazilian population of the business community
need your job for someone who is not a job helping them but the person
creating rules norms or exchanging equipment that makes life difficult for the
Brazilian and whoever pays the bill go to the line everybody who's there
well then the question of the central inimeter but it is natural to change people
right then they were exchanged and not even cheering everyone was exchanged maybe you can take advantage or
maybe but the president now has this freedom to compose the demand meter there
first treatment is an organ that helps brazil i'm already asked for it
I'm also going to arrest inmetro to see the ordinance back there has been some time
you created the three-pin plug in Brazil what can be done nobody will
want to undo so you can have a new expense you can rest assured you don’t have
nothing waives it but if we can improve the ordinance to meet the
his interest and everybody without expense we go without course one we go
meet and there sunday now i'm down in uruguay
and rare thing, right, it happened in uruguay and left the power of the other one there the
right center we are going to take possession of luis lacalle pou po so logically we are
here we increasingly want to get closer to all the countries in america
from the south we have first of all freedom to democracy and obviously
expand our business hi and the last subject here
and already for three days right your presence in the media national newspaper Folha Estado
globe I think that practically almost all Brazilian media I shot
trillions of zap asking for the support of any demonstration on March 15, which
I sent to a few dozen people my second friendship I send without a filter
it's just vinicius some personalities a duck maybe a 50/60 part ok
right and vera magalhães is would look just old i'm cool with you
would have received a video and asking for yes or support for a demonstration on 15
March 2015 so this video must be running around I will not put it on my
facebook in a little while is a video that I ask people to attend on the day
fifteenth of march 2015 that became coincidence
mine so what it looks like right vera magalhães bake you got this video
I can't say it is this story really, I'm not yours
your ilk right i'm of your ilk so on top of that it was the matter that i
would be preparing whatsapp asking for support for the day-to-day movement
March 15th now and then as she failed to see what she had done
[ __ ] that the video is five years ago I will call some people
to find out if I had sent a zap or not and a person would have confirmed that I
I sent a zap now this video it does not show shows the video see if there
touching the Brazilian parliament attacking the judiciary attacking whatever
whatever it is see it she does not do not disclose it there gives a show the judge
presented I saw the video is nothing and this person who passed it to me that I
I passed a video to this person she painted and showed the print did not show a
video like that even a video that is in her print has nothing to do has nothing to
see I came to talk a little about my life from the stab of the campaign it's nothing more
of this now and I certainly repeat I cannot
affirm I cannot affirm with all certainty she made it yellow that he wanted her
give a scoop right you give a scoop with that video of mine
summoning the staff for March 15th on Sunday but she’s not on her fan of
giving the scoop quickly ok she’s right she went over what
forgot to see the date here it was 2015 or you can see a
a little on my face my face I'm a little younger right
that five years and you said 59 for five years ago it already makes a certain a
certain difference I made a life we ​​are getting older now a job
pig one more job pig you know that his whole life had repercussions
up there on vera magalhães that I’ve never seen in the past two years
tip just talks about her for me to have a young girl because you’ve never seen anyone
told me that she spoke a positive word about me about the
our government nothing is just knocking all the time after the account right the company she
works receives money from the government it needs to advertise there and my big
mistake according to a few people was she didn’t spend a good you won’t say
a year that was average that others spent on official advertising you
takes money from official banks behind the government itself is a billion
real so-and-so shirt we're spending
maybe around he is percent of it I am not obliged to spend it is like this
right, it’s divided by technical criteria, no one is left out
so maybe maybe not because she sure for a spend money on this
rotten media that we have a part of the family because we have attack time
all writing [ __ ] about our government now
I will not change I am not attacking the Brazilian media you guys so important
when it sells it is true i will have a meeting at da fiesp in são paulo now
early next month i'm going to talk to the business community about this issue will go back to
afloat and that i will tell him to the businessmen there until good to advance here there
among other things again that these newspapers these period magazine magazines
Folha de São Paulo newspaper or in the ad there the newspaper that only all the time
works against dying and your government is wrong I'm in the economy of Brazil will
suffer you can’t advance a medium that in mind all the time has good
service Brazil has good newspapers in Brazil there is a bar on top of this
companies that are exempt speak the truth you only helping brazil now keep
a being a leaf são paulo for example is helping brazil to found that they
they just want to beat me all the time speak up to impitiman you play a video
and now the video has nothing against how much the congress nor the supreme
federal court and if possible video she asked and passed on
but it’s not showing the video is not showing it just says it’s against the congress and against the
supreme federal court now we take the video here from 2015
hi vera magalhães it's just that you are a woman, right?
anything I pay yours by assaulting women all over brazil you like
journalist already has a little more and if you would do that right a little more
ashamed in the face as it were and is not looking for a journalistic scoop and
publish what comes at you what what interests people is not true
is that it matters is the first that matters the first is that it will gain more likes right
but click go there that no more click this is what happens a company do at
love of god put it in the way is not even Brazil I will not renounce the
I will not give money to the press I will not spend 1 billion on
press has so many problems that we have I can't spend 1 billion to
the Brazilian press is, after all, handlers we
we have social media costs is a machine in front of me here
the bed here in front of me here nothing going up nothing sophisticated ok as you say
here guilherme amado right breakfast table he already bolsonaro beauty one more
face another citizen here lies all the time this guy's fuel is a lie
seeming not to lie i am not satisfied and wants to lie such a boner of him
it's a lie, right and he keeps writing [ __ ] all the time, of course
There are people who believe in this one, this is out of Brazil
it disturbs our homeland I believe I’m doing a good job as far as
I can say that there is no articulation with congress
I can't approve that I want there hi until I show that you are on the agenda
a lot but it will not come back back has some other power that you have to
respect the game rule you have to respect it ok but I would like for example
that ours the measure of the forecast of the student digital wallet does not fit
and it was not put on the agenda the time is good, whoever wants the wallet
student will now have to pay 35 already money for the only one now what
what we want is not to take money from where it is to do with this tooth that doesn’t spend
money that r $ 35 if you pay it costs money, he can get three plates
done to me 44 done right she on leaving college 434 lunch for him is
we want to see it’s the same thing our provisional measure I’ll tell the
businessmen again from the sleep of the balance sheets we by the provisional measure
was allowing the entrepreneur who is required to report regularly
they are published the newspapers rockers seeing the circulation each color it allows you
do on social networks zero cost and approximately the businessmen the gas is
boring brazil approximately 1200000000 is already with newspaper and hat
today ah ok question about the newspaper I want you
the business community by spending less than 1 billion two hundred million a year its product
have it cheaper on the line end for you to buy it and this is take away this is
to regulate to reduce bureaucracy to remove the state over the neck
of those who produce and regrettably what happened from the provisional measure each
goal was not voted on you can see our our bill now a bill there
giving right to windows and the citizen is like you like me
and unfortunately from what I know the camera will not be on the agenda nor will it
discuss the bill nor will you discuss
and the Indian passed to be treated as a Brazilian citizen the United States exists
six years ago more or less to see that I didn’t do that, the Indian is people, you know?
here not here the Indian is not treated like a human being is not treated like a
object that has to be enslaved and confined within its reserve now
doesn’t charge me to inspect an area the size of the southeastern region
to imagine the size of the southeast region the rio santo santo minas gerais and are
Paulo which is the equivalent of indigenous land demarcated in Brazil
I can inspect wood theft
the smuggling of precious stones theft of biodiversity I have no way to do
so now we can approve this project of ours that my project aims
regulate article 231 of the constitution worked project there with the
viewpoint within which our Minister of Mines and Energy, right with his advice
a wonderful project allowing the Indian to explore the battery if he
I would like to spark gold with a sieve game to get diamond ok if he can plant
doing there we can't plant on earth in the sky if he wants to rent the
the land can't be ok or better, it's already seeing something in that sense but and
a few indigenous reserves are in trouble and want to sell the staff of the
parecis mato grosso has a problem setting up only two years 120 million reais
are planting transgenics there in the region also have to have this freedom
if you want it hi for tourism on your reservation where
you can do it there bad jesus exactly the same we have no difference
we have college degrees but some environmentalists are still funai people
because there are a lot of people competing there, I’m sure I’m going to row exactly the opposite
inside parliament the left is against it the weird that they finish yet
is regulating article 231 of the condition so we know the problems
okay ae and will play the boat I'm sorry I would
to do a lot more for Brazil but there’s a problem I’ve been there for six
months its six months with the bill from the chamber so that the validity of the
driver's license does from five to ten years and does not go ahead project
I'm also six months with the project doing that you take your wallet
after completing 40 points in the year and does not sell as it is currently
and the amount of fixed radars in Brazil huge who works on the roads
special trucker loses 20 and runs on 20 points quickly
you want to move to 40 that you have to should be hidden we seek to eliminate that there
justice was against us is even when mobile radars justice against
people I don't know what goes on there we will respect for legal action okay but
do people not understand that it is an exaggeration in brazil in these areas and it seems
that I can't change anything sometimes or I have the indication on the server for
occupying a position of these five or six, justice resolves as it happened in the case
of the boy at the palmares foundation he stayed there two three months without a job because he
gave a statement I don’t know what I don’t know what can meet processes
criminally a person, right, moral damage is something to not let me
I want to practice this profession, aunt see that you cannot be secretary of the foundation
palmares this a crime my god in heaven is interference from with all respect that
I have to the judge, right, but the way he is
and it always goes on saying that I can't hand that guy over so it's hard
really work that way but you are going to do our part to send the message to
press I will not resist I will try to do everything that
and I spoke during the campaign and said that 90 percent goes here I want
go through parliament without I spoke now the parliament our attention
Okay, I’m not going to the parliament, I’m not going to finish
just as it had never happened before in the supreme federal court regarding the
powers now and we have to insist on that yes the
I would like the parliament to be missing if the majority say no
buried project you talk more subject now car cause interim measure
I'm not going to be on the agenda, it's sad, I went to regret it for 28 years.
i'm making up nothing and i'm not offending parliament much pleasure by
otherwise I want to speak even more and more independent and active justice
also independent and active the executive we are also independent
so is there any critical powers now i have to give a satisfaction
because at the end of the line the people charge me a lot more than that of the
the legislative branch of the judiciary is very certain, not only does it not do that
I want to stay there for there to be conflict decide your project to boost or not
the judiciary is there from there our legislative is there I have spoken right we
we are privileged and igor maia davi alcolumbre dia store
gift of power we are first jazz our understanding i always
I look for this and I am sure that we are getting closer and closer to reaching
this to this union, right, using Brazil in our decisions helps Brazil and we can't
stay with the unfortunately right not the presidents and powers that I didn’t see
no present can talk about this issue on the 15th right I
would be stimulating the movement against the congress and against the initiation does not exist
they don’t say they said there isn’t it ok now we can’t we all
we cannot poison ourselves with this rotten media that we have there with a great
rotten part that we have there will have machete tomorrow in the company called
rotten now I can praise for those who do this kind of matter, I don't have
shown here all the time me i wanted a collection here i have
about 50 articles a week to put for you
hi friend is important is mara has to sell the truth while staying at this
gossip it all complicates that you still have people who believe in this in this
in this cut here like this guilherme here only the figure that believes is
hinder us and empower us all the time ok I prepared
interview here in front because of you for the goodness that we recorded
we disclose this is good but it is straightforward for everything all the time there is confusion
the media doesn’t make it as a rule not all but as a rule doesn’t make the matter serious
showing the truth of what’s happening my god in heaven
difficult the day that ah is passing now on a new tv in
brazil light up a new tv lighting brazil from what i'm aware of right there you go
to be a company, to watch different television, the journey from the globe I know is
I hope it is real so that we can allocate it here
talk to do with our minister will give an interview for this television and not
for television that when the banknote ends with a globe, like the right one, the message
that the globe of listening to my boys some does not do not want to speak right of not
talking ends the interview more to understand what the globe that that beginning is a good
less despite the president is gave good thing in the government good the minister
responsible person did something wrong the president the responsible person put an end to this
kind of with that kind of information we owe nothing well tea to do with
that our interview minister to also
the televisions that don't say no I have no commitment to the truth no
I have a commitment to Brazil to understand that if it were another president
it would be if I were the other one, he was in second place this minister none of that
boy would be the minister brazil I doubt I doubt
in other words, the beginning as a sector if you have it, it’s there, not even the technician
we already had it there I believe that more and more are convincing themselves in Brazil that the
Brazil is working, we are having a problem with this virus, I have a coronavirus
very well the whole world is suffering the good things are falling the whole world has
very rare exceptions the dollar is also valuing the whole world and brazil the
dollar is 4:40 that's right 44144 anti regrets because it goes earlier but
it will influence the one that we import even in bread and wheat will
influence I have spoken to Paulo Guedes I do not interfere with the bank's collection
I don’t sell non-green dollar I don’t interfere talk to Paulo Guedes if
this is the policy and I have to trust him, I will continue
trusting he does the pose speak guys who understand the subject the
problem now all the time is the fault of how we patience for 45 even saw
jaqueline is ok the young pan is running thanks young man for a hug there ok
disclosing our 45,000 signal and our 31,000 is good because it has a lot of
people with signs that have thousands of alliance doors this is very good
what I’m going to do next week is scheduled I’m in I think the
mossoró next week, you know, and it’s not again there on the way back from the
United States, it's holding you back, tired of you, next week, let's leave it here
ask the question here so I can answer something
people come to the question so it's wrong there people until then everybody right
celerity patriotism responsibility truth we can change the destiny of
Brazil I will not speak well of my government you who judge on the tip of the tongue can
to make sure that more and more the head of power they will leave adjusting to be
our union with four men you know how much more adjusted we had
together we can make a better brazil for 210 million people so that's it
that I ask God for old age is right on my part of the ready to
also give in that I also mistake happens but we four hours and then in a
obviously obviously, but in the plan also an important part of the
parliament of the powers if we tune in there love saviola as if to say in the past the
brazil really glue otherwise we all lose everyone and between us we don't
there is no one better or worse than the other we are the same also in this
in this responsibility, I embrace everyone, thank you very much for
the huge audience here and until next Thursday if god wants